in the
last few days especially okay but you may
have noticed in the last few weeks
that I was making a little bit less
content than usual not what you
're used to in fact for
the last two weeks
or so there hasn't been a video on the
main channel I have a couple of scripts
stuck there but it was just
impossible because I didn't even have
Editors of course I didn't even have Editors
and a few months ago one of the
one of the Editors We are you
know there are
like five non-Editors No well one
of them the main one told me Javi you
always said every year you always
say about doing this and in the end you always
say it at the last minute and you don't do it and you don't
do it why don't we take this year and do it
and I say let's do it let's
do it
anyway I have to tell you that in the end we
weren't going to do it okay we were going to do it
a bit related to the Channel okay
related to the Channel
and and we're going to have to beer that it was focused
on gossip and so on no but well and in the
end asking for a cameo recording a
scene with someone with  someone else and so
on, obviously I've put a
little bit of
effort into it so that it's not too
controversial, I mean, there's all the
gossip. Okay, all the topics are there, all
the topics are covered. I've
called all the YouTubers
that I'm in contact with, okay, whether I get along
or not, whether I like them or not,
okay. And well, I have to
tell you that they've participated a lot,
there are some who, during the night, as
of today, they're sending me the latest
scenes and the latest things. Okay, and
eh, we've gotten into this mess,
obviously with humility, of course,
okay, I mean, no, it's no, no. Let's see, don't
expect it to be Alen's cool,
obviously I don't have the
experience, the professionalism, and the and
the art that he has, okay, but we've
done something very, very, very beautiful. Okay, we've
done something very, very, very beautiful.
eh, I
have to tell you that it's gotten a
little bit out of hand. Okay, it's gotten
a little bit out of hand and the video is
cinema, I mean, it's cinema, I mean, it's  cinema
obviously is what I'm telling you eh We don't
have the means we don't have the same
experience that kid has But
well or rather we did it just to
see why did I take a few
frames because I don't want to give away
spoilers okay I mean I want it to be
completely all surprise OK all
surprise that suddenly everyone is
at the premiere and the gossip okay But I can
say what a [ __ ] cinema I mean it's gotten really out
of hand I mean I've been
missing obviously because I've been
traveling okay I don't want to
show you any clips I would have liked to
do it with a proper teaser
okay the plan was to make a
proper teaser and have released the teaser today
Well in fact the plan today was to
announce it with Fran I mean the thing is
that we have to release the
trailer for Fran's Fortnite map
of Fran's sanctuary but it turns out that well
yesterday we had a
problem and they haven't approved a
part of the game and since we've been
waiting so long we want the
game to come out complete with everything and not
cut things out and then add them but
rather the release of the game  of the map
is a [ __ ] outrage Okay so the
idea was in that live with Fran in
which we were going to present the game H release
the teaser without anyone expecting it
OK Because nobody expects it okay
I've always thought that Alex was
being one but of course I understand that with
all the people that I've spoken to and
recorded I would have found out if they had been
recording one secretly okay I don't
want to put any clips because I
really want them all to be
surprises okay These are just a few
frames so you can see that it's not
a kiss
georgio Javi grandpa olé olé I hope I
hope you like it when you see it eh I
mean I'm just sending you a few
frames so you can see the quality and I
mean it's cinema it's absolutely cinema I'm
really excited about this video I
really hope it's worth it okay and I
don't know the truth is I don't know if it will turn out well I do
n't know if I don't know if it will turn out badly people will be
disappointed or whatever okay
but well since there was no rwi and I
was making one of and I was
thinking of making one about the gossip then  in the
end I got tangled up in a scene with one
another scene with another then there are a couple of
there are a couple of animation and
special effects companies that have helped us
with a few of scenes it is
quite good I mean why am I going to
lie to you obviously
eh it is quite powerful for me it is cinema
okay maybe later you guys see it and and
and you don't like it that much okay I don't know yet
how long it will last in fact it is not
rendered yet but it is
practically finished that's why
we announced it
in one thing led to another and you are going to freak out you are going to freak out I
mean there are surprises there are surprises there are surprises
okay I mean there are surprises there are
cameos surprises and
and above all they are very good I mean it
seems to me that it is [ __ ] cinema eh It seems to me that it
is [ __ ] cinema and yes I am looking forward to seeing it
eh with you I am showing see it with
you I have obviously only seen
the scenes that I have
recorded
that well we have moved heaven and earth
to have a few things that you are
going to see Okay I have been traveling
obviously to record some things
ok some others well are scenes that I have asked  a to
some creators that
I wanted to be okay And
practically all of the ones I asked for
Hey, I need This cameo I need it to be
recorded with the highest quality then the
also is being the [ __ ] host okay that's why
we are without Editors I have the
five Editors working on it
and and nothing man I'm I'm crazy to see it
with you Okay I'm crazy to see it
with you and and know what you think if
you like it and so on Okay and we're going to
release it on the 26th and we're going to release it on the
26th at 8 in the evening but just in case
this afternoon it's going well eh I mean I think it
could come out on the 26th but just in case
we're going to do something Okay and we're going to
schedule it for
the 28th at 8 in the evening Okay
28th at 8 in the evening is April
Fool's Day but it's not a joke
Okay I swear it's cinema I mean to me it
seemed like [ __ ] cinema I almost cried with
emotion when I saw it because we've
worked really hard eh but you don't
have to give How proud we are of
you Javi You're  the best red heart is
like it I hope you like it I'm really
excited about this video
we've worked so hard I almost cried eh I
almost cried for real with e when I've
seen some scenes already finished Okay
when I've seen some scenes already
finished
eh I almost cried okay I almost cried but it's that
we've worked so hard I'm
sacrificing a lot because it's been a while
without a
video but not me where they have to And
this is what is created when
things are done with love illusion boo everyone
seen everything seen esp the best team
that we could have we still haven't
seen it I see you excited most likely it will
be a success Well I hope it does
n't screw up I hope it doesn't screw up what I
always say what I was saying
to Alex who has been with me as a
camera operator that he is a [ __ ]
machine to the I mean what I said with the
film sequences that he has made the
heart is like that I didn't see it coming
we hope for the best of the project I
forgive you for everything abandoning grandfather you didn't
see it coming eh I didn't see it and come
All I ask is at least
that it arrives I don't know  100,000 views girls
150,000 views girls that it's not a flat tire
because it's been a lot it's been a lot of
sacrifice really I mean we've had to
leave the city a lot
to record and things like that okay Alex and I
had a [ __ ] great day
recording in the street okay I don't think we've
left out a tribute to anything from the year
Okay
HM if any I think that more or less
all the streamers have their thing
their scene I'm telling you eh I mean
obviously they're not the super
productions that he does no way eh I
say this with humility and really eh No way it
's that eh It seems like cinema to me it
seems like a [ __ ] movie what we've done
with the means that we have of Christmas
Merry Christmas thugs car hands
hugging your family face to hands face
throwing a kiss red heart
green heart kiss a kiss a kiss it seems like
[ __ ] cinema to me eh I mean really I'm telling you
that I almost cried today when I saw it
put together but maybe because it's my
job okay but Alex  eh I don't know if you
know him, he's the guy with whom
I do photo shoots and such, in
Badjo we were in Badjo recording
some scenes that are a [ __ ] movie
eh I mean because the guy is eh he's
sick of obsessed with this color this
light I mean he's very very handsome okay he's
very handsome
em and then the truth is that there are several
scenes that are animated
eem by two companies that You're
going to know some you already know
okay it's not going to make sense it's going to
leave you with your ass broken Okay it's going to
leave you with your ass broken it's going to leave you with your
ass broken okay what you're seeing
here from IV and Fran And that's going to leave you with your
[ __ ] ass broken okay And then you're going
to freak out with the collaborations that there are
em and and how they've really behaved I
mean all those who have collaborated e I mean
seriously it's crazy crazy
crazy today they still sent me
scenes okay today they still sent me
scenes And on top of that people have gone all
out those who wanted to participate have
done so  they recorded it with all the
quality they have done their part
man the [ __ ] host I mean it's going to be
cinema it's going to be cinema and at least well
we were orphaned we were not
orphaned of
eh we were orphaned of rewine this
year I tell you this rewine I do it
this rewine and obviously I have put the
scissors in some other controversy
maybe stronger because for example
there are geeky animations that I have
had to put a little bit of scissors in there
okay Why Well because
youtubers collaborate that maybe I don't
want anyone to feel uncomfortable
because I want everyone to laugh have a
good time be able to react
calmly without feeling uncomfortable
Okay then Well but I'm Javi
oliveira and here all
the topics are going to be covered okay I mean no it's not a no it's
a V summary of the whole year but it is
a rewind okay so I mean then there are quotes
and jokes about all the controversies I
hope that nobody feels bad about anything
obviously I don't think so the truth is I think
everyone  he's going to laugh
and And well this is the This is the
surprise what do you think what do you think man I
mean but it's [ __ ] crazy eh I mean
[ __ ] crazy when you see the when you see
the
scenes I don't know you're going you're going At what
moments I had done this eh but no no
but it's very cool eh It's very cool man I
mean there are people who sing there are people
who animate there are
special effects people okay there are some streamers
who maybe are watching me now and
are saying Javi son of a [ __ ] you didn't
tell me anything I want to record a
scene for you Well maybe I haven't
called you because you already have a presence okay
Anyways either with an
animation or with a clip I don't know whatever it is
okay Anyways if there's
someone also that at the last minute we're
going to finish rendering it on the 25th
eh the 25th sends me something eh I'm not going
to tell you who okay I'm going to wait for it
because he's
involved and on the 25th it will be rendered
so surely between the 25th and 26 You're
going to have it already in the  main channel
scheduled for the 28th at 8
pm okay Karim everyone comes out whether they
get along with me or they get along with me badly okay so
obviously there is room I think that of
everything relevant and everything that is
okay it is I don't care if I don't
get along with someone or I like them or someone doesn't like me or
whoever okay
everyone has their wink their
appearance and their such because it is a it is a
memory of the year and it is a memory of the
whole movement Okay then I think that everything
comes out
if there is any
streamer if there is any streamer who
has an idea and who would like such and that I have
not called him because he hit me
but come on absolutely already
absolutely already but come on you are going to freak out You are going to freak out You
are going to freak out